DOC/MAINT: add documentation, docking system conda shim (#128)
pcdshub/lucid: docs/source/grid.rst

LUCID Grid Configuration
========================

> ``LUCID``'s main grid area is an auto-generated series of buttons and indicators,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
``lucid``'s main grid area is an auto-generated series of buttons and indicators,
```

Should we keep this consistent throughout the docs?

Author: I'm trying to use `LUCID` when talking about the app and `lucid` when talking about the cli invocation, but:

- I may not have done this correctly in general
- This might not be the right approach

I'm tempted to turn it all into `lucid` in general and `Lucid` in titles

Author: A lot of this stems from the readme and docs previously using `LUCID` exclusively despite the lowercase cli entrypoint + my dislike of all caps or special caps names in general

Reviewer: I feel like my opinion on the matter changes daily.  I think it's fine as is, it just stuck out as the only fully-capitalized instance on the page

This is equivalent to the following search using the ``happi`` command line,
assuming your beamline is named BEAMLINE:

.. code-block:: bash

    happi search beamline=BEAMLINE active=True

All devices that match this search and load without errors will be included in the grid.
All other devices will be excluded.
The search is case-sensitive.

Note that inactive devices are not included,
and that this only targets happi entries that have a beamline associated with them at all.
This requires the ``happi`` containers defined in ``pcdsdevices``,
which define the ``beamline`` field.

Note: if you prefer not to load any devices, you can skip this step by passing
a command-line parameter:

.. code-block:: bash

    lucid --skip_happi MY_BEAMLINE

How are the Devices Arranged in the Grid?
-----------------------------------------

The grid is defined by the various metadata values found in the ``happi`` database.
The default metadata keys in use are:

- ``location_group``, to select which column to put a device into
- ``functional_group``, to select with row to put a device into

That is to say, by default we expect the row headers on the left to be functional names like

> "imager" or "vacuum" and column headers on the top to be location names like "SB3" or "VLS".

Reviewer: ```suggestion
"imager" or "vacuum" and column headers on the top to be location names like "Section 01" or "Section 02".
```
I like the docs a lot better with pictures, one last nitpick might be to make the examples match the images. 

We could take this a step further with the buttons config, but if we do I'd advocate showing two configs.  One with the descriptive values and one that matches the toolbar shown in the image.

Author: I think I'm not motivated to make an example config that matches the image, I'd be better off redoing the images to be the current config and pasting the current KFE config in.

Instead, I'll add a link to the lucid configs backup repo (which I'll update again at some point) so at least there's a way to see a bunch of valid configs.

I'm also going to merge your suggestion here
